# OEM-survey
The repository includes report/data of our recent research on the impact of Ontology Engineering Methodologies for the evolution of living and reused ontologies.
The aim of this survey (under review) is threefold: a) to provide an insight on the impact of Ontology Engineering methodologies (OEM) to the evolution of living and reused ontologies, b) to update the Ontology Engineering (OE) community on the status and trends in OEMs approaches and of their use in practice, and c) to propose a set of recommendations for working ontologists to consider during the life-cycle of living, evolved and reused ontologies. The work has been motivated by the need to address critical issues on keeping ontologies alive and evolving while these are shared in wide communities. It is argued that the engineering of ontologies must follow a well-defined methodology, addressing practical aspects that would allow (sometimes wide) communities of experts and ontologists to reach consensus on developments and keep the evolution of ontologies “in track”.  In doing so, specific collaborative and iterative tasks and phases within a complete and evaluated ontology life-cycle are necessary. This way only, the engineered ontologies can be considered “shared, commonly agreed and continuously evolved ‘live’ conceptualizations” of domains of discourse. Today, in the era of Linked Data and Knowledge Graphs, it is more necessary than ever not to neglect to consider the recommendations that OEMs approaches explicitly and implicitly introduce, and their implications to the evolution of living ontologies. This survey reports on the status of OEMs approaches, identifies trends and provides recommendations based on the findings of an analysis that concerns the impact of OEMs approaches to the status of well-known, widely-used and representative ontologies.

Here, we will provide the data (in Excel form) of the survey. Upon acceptance of our journal submission, we will also provide the actual paper.
